feature/#672 added doc for new submittable api (#512)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

<h6 style="font-size: 1.2em"><strong><code>taipy-core</code></strong></h6>
3.0.0

- New abstract class:
      * `Submittable^` to model entities that can be submitted for execution
            The children entity classes of `Submittable` are `Scenario` and `Pipeline`;

- New exposed functions:

       * `taipy.exists()^^` checks if an entity exists or not;

       * `Submittable.get_inputs()^` retrieves input data nodes of a `Submittable` entity;

       * `Submittable.get_outputs()^` retrieves output data nodes of a `Submittable` entity;

       * `Submittable.get_intermediate()^` retrieves intermediate data nodes of a `Submittable` entity;

       * `Submittable.is_ready_to_run()^` checks if an entity is ready to be run;

>        * `Submittable.data_nodes_being_edited()^` retrieves data nodes that are being editted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * `Submittable.data_nodes_being_edited()^` retrieves data nodes that are being edited
```

3.0.0

- New exposed function `taipy.exists()^` checks if an entity exists or not.

> - New exposed class `Submittable` representing if an entity can be submitted for execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New abstract class `Submittable^` to model entities that can be submitted for execution.
```

>   Entities that are child class of `Submittable` are `Scenario` and `Pipeline`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The children entity classes are `Scenario` and `Pipeline`.
```

> - New exposed function `Submittable.get_inputs()` retrieves input data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New exposed function `Submittable.get_inputs()^` retrieves input data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.
```

> - New exposed function `Submittable.get_outputs()` retrieves output data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New exposed function `Submittable.get_outputs()^` retrieves output data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.
```

> - New exposed function `Submittable.get_intermediate()` retrieves intermediate data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New exposed function `Submittable.get_intermediate()^` retrieves intermediate data nodes of a `Submittable` entity.
```

> - New exposed function `Submittable.is_ready_to_run()` checks if an entity is ready to be run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New exposed function `Submittable.is_ready_to_run()^` checks if an entity is ready to be run.
```

> - New exposed function `Submittable.data_nodes_being_edited()` retrieves data nodes that are being editted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New exposed function `Submittable.data_nodes_being_edited()^` retrieves data nodes that are being editted
```
